you know the routine you're caught you
owe me three wishes I know what I'm
doing I want my three wishes about a
belong get what we want
hey stop that yet that's like that my
wishes now I could ask you for a million
dollars even a billion what I think I
would like is your crummy pot of gold
Morty stop it
you hear me in there I want you are gone
buddy
don't do it let me out of here it's the
creepy man I'm dealing with don't sure
you want eat oh I'm sure my first wish
is for your gold so be it
where is oh it's coming
[Music]
get it out get it out early morning I
could do it but you have to make the out
of the safest oh you're not to open the
door
it's wrought iron then that didn't you
read the book
[Music]
your second wish has been granted
did it oh yeah you see you shouldn't be
so greedy
[Music]
so what it's not you wish
yeah yes yes I wish you to get out of me
[Music]
I missed you
[Applause]
[Music]